ews search and compliance: return info file entry (#11832)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_8.md

#### Integrations
##### O365 - Security And Compliance - Content Search (beta)

> - Fixed the commands `o365-sc-get-search` and `o365-sc-get-search-action` to return a `InfoFile` entry (instead of a `File` entry) when the `export` argument is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the ***o365-sc-get-search*** and ***o365-sc-get-search-action*** commands to return an `InfoFile` entry, as opposed to a `File` entry, when the `export` argument is specified.
```
